# Upgrade your technical skills with deliberate practice:
Deliberate practice is an activity designed by a teacher to improve specific aspects of an individual's performance. It pushes an individual outside their comfort zone, provides feedback on results, is highly demanding mentally, is difficult, and requires good goals. Cal Newport's quote from his blog highlights the importance of deliberate practice, which can be summarized as activities designed by a teacher for the sole purpose of effectively improving specific aspects of an individual's performance. Challenges can be set to meet these criteria, and the only person who understands the skillset well enough to teach is the individual. Challenges should push you outside your comfort zone and be surmountable.

They should be repeated often and get feedback on subjective measures of code. Goals should be chosen such that they are mentally exhausting. Practice should not feel like easy, frustration-free technical problems.

# Strength:

 There was a high school in Chicago in which the system was for students to succeed after several classes in order to graduate, and if they did not succeed in any stage, they got the result of “not yet.” This is a good idea because it gives you a path towards the future,This is a real turning point in how students deal with challenges and problems, and these challenges distinguish the student who faces a problem and thinks about it and finds solutions to it from the student who surrenders to it. Good, and scientists have found several theories for this situation, where they said that there are minds that think when faced with a problem and think of finding solutions to it, and there are minds that remain steadfast, and also scientists have discovered that the student must be exposed to a problem and try to find solutions to it and think about it in order to make a good generation.